Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
(WIND BLOWING)
- (FOOTSTEPS THUMPING)
- (HEAVY BREATHING)
(HORSE WHINNIES)
(HORSES WHINNYING)
(WIND WHISTLING)
(DOOR OPENS)
(FOOTSTEPS THUMP)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(SHEEP BLEATS)
(BLEATING)
(HEAVY BREATHING CONTINUES)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(WOMAN SPEAKING ON RADIO
IN ICELANDIC)
(SHEEP BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYING ON RADIO)
(WIND WHISTLING)
(CHRISTMAS SONG
PLAYING ON RADIO)
(DRINK POURING)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(MUSIC PLAYING FAINTLY ON RADIO)
(INCREASES VOLUME)
(SHEEP BLEATING)
(MAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
ON RADIO)
(SHEEP BLEATING)
(CAT MEOWS)
(MARIA GRUNTS)
- (LAMB BLEATS)
- (SIGHS)
(INGVAR SPEAKING)
MARIA: Mmm.
(INGVAR CHUCKLES)
(CLEARS THROAT)
(BLEATS)
(MARIA SHUSHING)
(WHISPERS INDISTINCTLY)
(RECORD PLAYER SKIPPING)
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(WATER POURING)
(SHEEP BLEATS)
(THUDS)
(SHEEP BLEATING)
(SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING)
(CAT MEOWS)
(SHEEP BLEATING)
(INGVAR SPEAKING)
(LAMB BLEATS)
(MARIA SPEAKING)
(INGVAR SPEAKING)
(DOG BARKING)
(DOG WHINING)
(BLEATS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(MARIA GASPS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(LAMB BLEATING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BLEATS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(INGVAR SIGHS DEEPLY)
(SIGHS)
(SHEEP BLEATS)
(RADIO PLAYING INDISTINCTLY)
(MARIA HUMMING)
(HUMMING CONTINUES)
(STOPS HUMMING)
(CONTINUES HUMMING)
(SIGHS)
(ENGINE IDLING)
(SNIFFLES)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(SIGHS)
(SOBS QUIETLY)
(SIGHS DEEPLY)
(ENGINE REVS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SHEEP BREATHING HEAVILY)
(ENGINE STOPS)
(GRUNTS)
(BARKS)
(DOG WHINES)
(DOG PANTING. WHINING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS)
(TRACTOR ENGINE STARTS)
(SHEEP BLEATS)
- (LAMB BLEATS IN DISTANCE)
- (SHEEP BLEATS)
(MARIA SHOOING SHEEP)
(BLEATS)
(INGVAR SHOOS)
- (SHEEP BLEATS)
- (LAMB BLEATS)
(MARIA AND INGVAR SHOOING)
(TV PLAYING)
(SHEEP BLEATS)
(LAMB BLEATS)
(TV CONTINUES PLAYING)
(SHEEP BLEATING IN DISTANCE)
(BLEATS)
(BLOWS)
(MACHINE WHIRRING)
(SHEEP BLEATING IN DISTANCE)
(MARIA SPEAKING)
(INGVAR SPEAKING)
(BOTH BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DOG BARKS)
(DOG BARKING)
(PANTING)
- (MARIA PANTING)
- (LAMB BLEATS IN DISTANCE)
(GASPS)
(BOTH PANTING)
(SHEEP BLEATS)
(SHEEP BLEATING)
(SHOUTING)
(DOG BARKS)
(INGVAR SIGHS)
(SHEEP BLEATING)
(BLEATING)
(INGVAR URGING SHEEP)
(CONTINUES URGING)
(RINGTONE PLAYING
ON CELL PHONE)
(RINGTONE STOPS PLAYING)
- (CELL PHONE CLATTERS)
- (MAN GROANS)
(ENGINE STARTS)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYS
ON CAR STEREO)
(MAN SHOUTS)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(LABORED BREATHING)
(BLEATING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SHEEP BLEATING)
(RAIN PATTERING)
(SHEEP BLEATS)
(BLEATING CONTINUES)
(DOG WHINING)
(SHEEP BLEATS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PAYING)
(BLEATING CONTINUES)
- (GUNSHOT)
- (SHEEP THUDS)
(PANTING)
- (WATER RUNNING)
- (SCRUBBING)
(ENGINE STARTING)
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
(SIGHS)
(TRACTOR IDLING IN DISTANCE)
- (INGVAR SPEAKING)
- (MAN SPEAKING)
(MARIA SPEAKING)
(SIGHS)
(INGVAR SPEAKING)
(MARIA SPEAKING)
(CHAIR DRAGS)
(LAUGHS)
Oh. (LAUGHING)
(COOING)
(MARIA SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(MARIA CHUCKLES)
(LAUGHING)
(WHISPERS)
(SIGHS)
(MARIA SPEAKING)
(WHINING)
(DOG BARKS)
(DOG BARKING IN DISTANCE)
(DOG WHINING)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(SIGHS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
(PETUR GRUNTS)
- (INGVAR SPEAKING)
- (PETUR SPEAKING)
(CHUCKLES)
(DRUM BEATING)
(ADA FUSSES)
(SIGHS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(ADA PANTING)
(GASPS SOFTLY)
(SIGHS)
(PANTING)
(ENGINE STARTS)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
(MOANS SOFTLY)
(GASPS)
(ENGINE STOPS)
(ENGINE STALLING)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
Mmm-hmm.
(INGVAR SPEAKING)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
(PETUR GRUNTS TIREDLY)
(MARIA SPEAKING)
(POURING)
(TV PLAYING)
(BOTH EXCLAIM SOFTLY)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
(INGVAR SPEAKING)
(MAN COMMENTATING ON TV)
(COMMENTARY ON TV CONTINUES)
(DOG WHINING)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
(MUSIC PLAYING ON TV)
(MARIA SPEAKING)
(INGVAR SPEAKING)
Mmm-mmm.
(MARIA LAUGHING)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
(MARIA SPEAKING)
- (DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES ON TV)
- (PETUR MOUTHING ALONG)
(MARIA LAUGHING)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
(DANCE MUSIC CONTINUES)
(PETUR WHOOPS. LAUGHS)
(LAUGHING)
(MUSIC CONTINUES
PLAYING FAINTLY)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(BARKING)
(DOG WHIMPERS)
(GROANS)
- Oh!
- (PETUR AND MARIA LAUGH)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
(INGVAR SPEAKING)
(MARIA SPEAKING)
(GROANS)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
(GRUNTS)
(SHEEP BLEATING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(DOG BARKING)
(PETUR SIGHS. SPEAKING)
(CHUCKLES)
(LAUGHS)
(PETUR SIGHS)
(MARIA BREATHING HEAVILY)
(PETUR GROANS)
(DOORKNOB RATTLING)
(KNOCKS ON DOOR)
(BANGING ON DOOR)
(PIANO PLAYING)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
- (DOORKNOB RATTLING)
- (PIANO CONTINUES PLAYING)
(BANGING ON DOOR)
(STOPS PLAYING)
(SOFT FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
Hmm?
(EXHALES)
(WOMAN SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY
ON RADIO)
- (RADIO CONTINUES PLAYING)
- (INGVAR SPEAKING)
(INGVAR SIGHS)
(SIGHS)
(TURNS OFF RADIO)
(CAT MEOWS)
(WHISTLES)
(PETUR CLEARS THROAT)
(PETUR SPEAKING)
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
(UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING
ON CAR STEREO)
(ENGINE STALLING)
(CONTINUES STALLING)
(SIGHS IN EXASPERATION)
Hmm.
(MARIA SPEAKING)
- (GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE)
- (GASPS)
(PANTING)
(GROANING)
- (GUNSHOT)
- (GROANS)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
- (FOOTSTEPS THUMPING)
- (BREATHING HEAVILY)
(PANTING)
(BREATHING WEAKLY)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(BEAST BREATHING HEAVILY)
(ADA WHIMPERING)
(GRUNTING)
- (GASPING)
- (FOOTSTEPS RECEDING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(GASPING)
(CRYING)
(CONTINUES CRYING)
(SOBBING)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(SNIFFLES)
(BREATHES SHAKILY)
(INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Provided by explosiveskull
https://twitter.com/kaboomskull
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-